#sidebar Documentation
#labels Documentation
#summary Contains all methods that are useed to perform tasks/actions via the Twitter API. These tasks include Getting the latest Tweets made by a user and allowing you to write to a users Twitter Stream with the use of 'Twitter Intent'.


= {{{Twitter(action, data) }}} =
Extends Social
Contains all methods that are useed to perform tasks/actions via the Twitter API
<wiki:toc />
== Details ==
*Defined in:* clientapi\newDoc.js




=== Examples ===
{{{
<strong>To Get the latest 5 Tweets made by a users:</strong>	S.Twitter("Latest", {"ContainerId":"tweetContainer", "TweetCount":5});
}}}
{{{
<strong>To Write to a users Twitter stream:</strong>	S.Twitter("Tweet", {Text:"This is the text in the Tweet!", Via:"TwitterAccount"});
}}}

=== Parameters ===
|| *Type* || *Name* || *Additional Info* || *Description* ||
|| string || action ||  || The name of the action/task you wish to perform on Twitter ||
|| object || data ||  || The parameters which the given action needs in order to execute ||


=== Returns ===
|| *Type* || *Name* || *Description* ||
|| boolean ||  || Returns either the value requested or true if the value has been set.<strong>Usages:</strong> ||


== Fields ==

=== {{{Twitter.Data <private> <inner> <static> }}} ===
Contains Data that is used by twitter. (ie. Feed data)







----

== Methods ==

=== {{{Twitter.Latest <private> <static>  -> boolean }}} ===
Gets the latest Tweets made by a users.  These are pulled from the users 'timeline'.







==== Parameters ====
|| *Type* || *Name* || *Additional Info* || *Description* ||
|| object || data ||  || An object containing the parameters needed to perform the needed action. ||


==== Returns ====
|| *Type* || *Name* || *Description* ||
|| boolean ||  || Returns true when the action was carried out successfully ||

==== Requires ====
 * This requres you to pass in the id of theDiv that will house the latest Tweets. ('containerId').
==== See ====
 * Loader.MakeRequest (Used to load data via AJAX)
 * Twitter.Data (Used to store requested data)
 * Validate

----
=== {{{Twitter.Tweet <private> <static>  -> boolean }}} ===
Allows ou to write to the users Twitter timeline using Intent.  This will prompt the user to login as a point of Authorisation.  Default settings are set in the Settings.Data.Twitter object, this means that default fields, such as Text can be defined once and reused throughoutyour website.  Useing the data object that is passed in, these settings can be over written or set on the fly.





==== Examples ====
{{{
<strong>Using default Settings:</strong>S.Twitter("Tweet");
}}}
{{{
<strong>Using custom Settings:</strong>S.Twitter("Tweet", {Text:"This is custom Text", Url:"http://www.google.com/", Via:"TwitterAccount", HashTags:"SocialAPi"});
}}}


==== Parameters ====
|| *Type* || *Name* || *Additional Info* || *Description* ||
|| object || data ||  || An object containing the parameters needed to perform the needed action. ||


==== Returns ====
|| *Type* || *Name* || *Description* ||
|| boolean ||  || Returns true when the action was carried out successfully ||
==== See ====
 * Settings.Data

----

_Documentation generated by [http://code.google.com/p/jsdoc-toolkit/ JsDoc Toolkit] 2.4.0 on Mon Feb 13 2012 13:52:23 GMT-0000 (GMT)